0.  BMP - 2^24, GIF - 2^8, JPEG - 2^24, 24 bit PNG - 2^24
1.  GIF
2.  Lossy compression results in a loss of some image data.
Lossy compression can result in blurring and smudging. 
Lossless compression involves no loss of image data.
3.  JPEG images are generally lossy-compressed.
4.  The FAT system modifies the filename in the directory to signify that
the file has been deleted and the directory entry can be reused.
Then, the system moves the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's
list of free clusters, never touching the actual data in the process.
5.  A user can overwrite the data in the file with random data to render
the overwritten information irrecoverable (i.e. with ASCII NUL characters).
6.  stdint.h is a library that contains the definitions of several
portable integer types.
7.  Using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t is important when
writing a program that will run cross-platform. The exact size of the
type grants portability and self-documentation.
8.  A BYTE is 1 byte, a DWORD is 4 bytes, a LONG is 4 bytes, and 
a WORD is 2 bytes.
9.  The first two bytes of any BMP file must be "BM".
10. TbfSize describes the size of the image file in bytes whereas
biSize describes the size of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure, which is usually
40 bytes. 
11. If biHeight is negative, then the bitmap is a top-down device independent bitmap,
meaning that the origin of the image is in the upper left corner.
12. biBitCount specifies the number of bits per pixel.
13. fopen will return NULL in copy.c:37 if "outfile" does not exist. Whenever the
file cannot be opened for writing, fopen will return NULL. 
14. The third parameter of fread is the number of elements to read from
the file of a given size. We only want to read one struct at a time, so 
the third parameter is 1.
15. sizeof(RGBTRIPLE) is 3 bytes, so padding is assigned (4-3*3%4)%4 = 3.
16. fseek takes parameters FILE* stream, long int offset, and int origin.
It starts from the specified origin position in the stream and shifts the
position indicator to a new position offset away from the origin.
17. SEEK_CUR is a constant used in fseek to specify the origin as the 
current position of the file pointer. 
18. Fozzie Bear
